com/hatit/data/criteria/Criteria.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.Criteria
com/hatit/data/generation/Preferences.java
 com.hatit.data.generation.Preferences
 com.hatit.data.generation.Preferences$CriteriaUsage
com/hatit/data/tournament/Tournament.java
 com.hatit.data.tournament.Tournament
com/hatit/data/player/Player.java
 com.hatit.data.player.Player
com/hatit/data/tournament/TournamentImpl.java
 com.hatit.data.tournament.TournamentImpl
module-info.java
 module-info
com/hatit/data/player/PlayerImpl.java
 com.hatit.data.player.PlayerImpl
com/hatit/data/criteria/InformativeSettingImpl.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.InformativeSettingImpl
com/hatit/data/criteria/CriteriaImpl.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.CriteriaImpl
com/hatit/data/criteria/InformativeSetting.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.InformativeSetting
com/hatit/data/criteria/TaggingSettingImpl.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.TaggingSettingImpl
com/hatit/data/tournament/CreationState.java
 com.hatit.data.tournament.CreationState
com/hatit/data/team/Team.java
 com.hatit.data.team.Team
com/hatit/data/team/ValuedPlayer.java
 com.hatit.data.team.ValuedPlayer
com/hatit/data/generation/PreferencesImpl.java
 com.hatit.data.generation.PreferencesImpl
com/hatit/data/criteria/QualitativeSetting.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.QualitativeSetting
 com.hatit.data.criteria.QualitativeSetting$Range
com/hatit/data/criteria/QuantitativeSetting.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.QuantitativeSetting
com/hatit/data/criteria/QuantitativeSettingImpl.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.QuantitativeSettingImpl
com/hatit/data/criteria/TaggingSetting.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.TaggingSetting
 com.hatit.data.criteria.TaggingSetting$Option
com/hatit/data/criteria/Setting.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.Setting
com/hatit/data/criteria/CriteriaType.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.CriteriaType
com/hatit/data/criteria/QualitativeSettingImpl.java
 com.hatit.data.criteria.QualitativeSettingImpl
com/hatit/data/tournament/Generation.java
 com.hatit.data.tournament.Generation
 com.hatit.data.tournament.Generation$Group
 com.hatit.data.tournament.Generation$TempTeam
 com.hatit.data.tournament.Generation$ValueRange
